# Welcome to the tagVAtar project

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/I2I7KTF35)
[![wakatime](https://wakatime.com/badge/user/0723bbca-bed4-44e0-90be-413a9eff4dfb/project/290426db-b763-4cdc-8da6-d09087d9e561.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://wakatime.com/badge/user/0723bbca-bed4-44e0-90be-413a9eff4dfb/project/290426db-b763-4cdc-8da6-d09087d9e561)

Welcome to my little project where I use the power of GPT-4 and DALL-E/StableDiffusion to
generate gamer profile avatars by simply providing an API key and typing in your gamer
tag. This project is using the OpenAI API to generate images with DALL-E.

Also in this project I wanted to try out all the new, hot, blazing fast (ðŸ˜›),
{{insert buzzwords here}} Next.js 13 features including the app router and server actions.
If you see anything in the code that could be improved please feel free to open on
issue/PR.

I came up with this idea by doing an internal hackathon at work. I wanted to do something
with GPT-4 and DALL-E and I thought it would be cool to generate avatars for gamers. I
then thought about how I could make this a little bit more interesting and came up with
the idea to make the user type in their gamer tag and then generate an avatar for them.

## How did I do this?

I basically fed GPT-4 with some documentation on how to create the perfect DALL-E prompts.
There are a lot of good guides on the internet which you can copy-paste into GPT-4. After
providing it with some documentation and some guides on DALL-E prompt engineering I made
it generate at least 5 prompts per gaming genre. The genres were also generated by GPT-4.

The full last call-to-action prompt is the following:

```
Now act like a professional DALL-E prompt engineer and take into account all the
information I just provided on how to create the perfect DALL-E prompt.

Your task now is to create DALL-E prompts to create an avatar image for a gamertag. Come
up with some cool ideas of some prompts with have something to do with gaming. Come up
with at least 10 distinct areas that have something to do with gaming, like FPS, RPGs,
anmine and so on and give me 3 prompts per area.

Output the promtps in form of a Javascript array of strings and the strings are the
prompts. The gamertag substitution string should be "{{gamerTag}}"
```

I saved a lot of tokens by copying pieces of the prompt documentation and then telling
GPT-4 to respond with "READ" to it's answer as short as possible.

I then copied the output to my code and used the users' inputs to generate random images
for their gamer tags. This project is using the `openai` npm package to generate images
with DALL-E.

## Setting up the project locally

this project uses pnpm (>= 8)

```bash
pnpm install
```

and then start the development server:

```bash
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.
